hey guys welcome back to spun on from
the BTN HD and yes Windows 10 has
finally come out a lot of people have
upgraded but have had some issues now if
you have seen my how to upgrade to
Windows step step by step video I know
it's a long one but it shows you all the
steps and it went pretty smooth except
when I was trying to get into the
Settings app it did not launch I did a
little bit of research and it looks like
Microsoft knows about this issue on the
final bill some of you might not have
the ability to launch the Settings app
it's basically going to flicker and it
disappears and it won't pop up Microsoft
did provide a troubleshooter launcher
which I downloaded on my desktop I will
provide the link at the description it's
basically going to take you to my site
with some cool screenshots and so let's
I'm going to click on the start and once
I click on start I'm going to go to
settings and eventually it's not going
to pop up so I tried this many times I
clicked on start I clicked on settings
I've probably said to myself ok I'm not
clicking on it the right way click on it
again and it doesn't launch that sucks
so I'm going to double click on the on
the troubleshooter and here it goes it
says troubleshoot and help prevent
computer problems fix a workaround an
emerging issue yes I think this is an
emerging issue so let's click on next I
click Next
right now it's detecting any problems
I'm crossing my fingers that it does
detect the issue of the Settings app and
a sixth fix or workaround merging issues
600 sixty seven thousand seven hundred
fifty-eight what this issues now this is
now a new issue and we investigated the
permanent solution but you don't have to
wait this is whoa okay I guess this is
the error ID code and okay sure go next
for solving the problem it looks the
emerging issue of six seven seven five
eight has been
Fix I'm going to close it it looks like
it's fixed so let's see let's try it out
let's go to to start because that was
the only issue that I was having plus it
looks like the Microsoft Store is also
having launch issues as well so this
troubleshooter will fix everything
so let's come in start already let's
click on settings and settings has
finally pop up awesome so the
troubleshooter does fix the app problem
and that's it guys I will provide this
link at the bottom of the description go
get go get the troubleshooter if you
guys are having issues and I catch you
guys on the next one peace out